---
title: "Campaign Flyer - Japanese version" 
date: "2025-06-01"
tags: ["resource", "original", "Campaign"] 
---

其它语言的信息请访问 for other languages

- [中文](https://freewriters-haitang.github.io/posts/000010-flyer/)
- [English Version 英文版](https://freewriters-haitang.github.io/english/posts/000010-flyer/)


**You might have read Heaven Official’s Blessing, but did you know...**

**Mo Xiang Tong Xiu, the author of this beloved work, was placed under police scrutiny in 2018 for “illegal publication.”**

**Since then, she has gone silent and has not released any new works.**

**Now, similar incidents are happening again—this time to more Chinese female yaoi/boy’s love authors. And we need your attention.**

**Haitang Literature** is a Chinese-language website specializing in adult-oriented yaoi fiction, where some of the contents are restricted for paying readers. Since June 2024, many authors on the site have stopped updating and gone missing. Due to the opacity of the police system and the absence of media coverage, the public only became aware of the situation when the authors and their families came forward. It was then revealed that over fifty authors had been detained by the Anhui provincial police—some sentenced to one to five years in prison.

This appalling news only attracted brief attention on Chinese social media. Although **BBC China** and a few independent outlets reported on the issue, no in-depth investigations were conducted. Most of the authors **pleaded guilty** and **paid fines** in hopes of receiving lighter sentences.

On **June 1, 2025**, news broke of a **second round of so-called “deep-sea fishing”**—a trans-regional policing campaign led by **Lanzhou Police**. This time, the crackdown extended beyond profit-making adult-content authors to include **non-profit writers** and even those who had never published explicit material. Police **summoned readers** based on their payment records from the site, then used their **reading histories** to trace **IP addresses** and identify the writers for further interrogation. This constitutes a **grave violation of freedom of expression and personal privacy**, and is a **blatant breach of procedural justice**.

Mainland China is home to many brilliant content creators. If we fail to protect their **freedom to create—and their freedom from fear**—it will be a profound loss to our community.

To stay informed, follow us on Fediverse:@Phoenix093@mastodon.social, or on Instagram: @freewritersofhaitang.

If we cannot grant the freedom to write, then we cannot grant the freedom to think, to act according to our will, or to love whomever we choose.

It is a human right to create and share explicit erotic fiction. And it is the calling of our time to allow the desires of women—and of people across the spectrum of sexualities—to be written, expressed, and seen.

Please, acknowledge this injustice. Stand with our creators. Protect their voices.
